There were two objectives in BT:R's design. For it to beat you and for that to not feel like bullshit.
Salvage is based on how much of the mech is undamaged when it is lost. Kill the pilot without doing too much damage! 
You can get great salvage by using MG's to target the engine of a mech, without breaking the center torso.
You need to unlock the ability to precision strike after jumping and the same is true for phase pushing.
Ejection causes injury and also damages the mech. You won't get perfect salvage if the enemy ejects!
Every weapon in BT:R has been balanced to excel in a particular situation or on a particular type of mech.
None of the basic weapons are useless in BT:R, but not all LosTech bonuses are good.
No-one is forcing you to build to take advantage of a mechs quirk. Many quirks enhance the stock role though.
LRMs are amazing at finding holes and doing critical damage to enemy systems.
It's wise to have a hole puncher and a crit seeker in your lance. Make holes and fill them with lead.
Many mechs have the standard 30 engine heat sinking, laser heat can seriously compromise their ability fight back.
Ammo may explode if overheated. The first turn overheating is safe but after that the risk it will go up grows rapidly.
You can't have a 10/10/10/10 pilot and most of the exciting abilities are level 9 or 10. So plan carefully.
PPCs are problematic to aim up close and ER PPCs even more so. Don't let the enemy close on you.
The AC/2 isn't very damage efficient, but excellent range and accuracy makes it deadly against light mechs.
Ultra weapons have serious recoil problems and require a pilot with excellent gunnery to be effective.
Ultra recoil is calculated after every shot in a burst, so stack those accuracy bonuses. They will really matter!
You can take extra missions during a deployment to finish it more quickly, but that is very risky...
Some LosTech bonuses are better on certain types of weapons. Heat reduction for example, is powerful on lasers.
The primary cost of repairs is time, so mech lab upgrades can save you a lot of money in the long run!
Balance and performance are very important to us on the BT:R team. Be sure to report problems on our Discord server!
There is a BT:R Patreon account and all the proceeds from it go to the team evenly, after any tools we need are bought.
Having trouble with BT:R strategy? You can always chat to Edmon about it, we can't promise he will ever stop talking though.
donZappo has worked really hard on BT:R. You can reward him by sending him anime wallpapers via Discord.
It is possible to drop into a trap! So, it is important to have a good brawler to cover your escape!
Spawn protection lasts until you make your first move.
You can use Sensor Lock for free if you are a Master Tactician.
It is possible to take up to 3 injuries from a head hit, so be sure to fit an injury resist cockpit for weak pilots!
Some mechs can downgrade their engines without losing movement speed, though they will lose sprint speed.